---
layout: default
title: Create and Add Fixtures
parent: Develop
nav_order: 1
redirect_from:
  - /development/add-fixtures/
---
# {{ page.title }}

During the process of development, you may want to create a new fixture record and add it to the project to demonstrate or test a new feature. This page demonstrates sample strategies and workflows.

## Bulk add fixtures to docker development instance

1. Make sure the application is up and running at https://127.0.0.1:5000/ via `invenio-cli run` (see [Dev docker setup](../get-started/dev-docker-setup/))

2. In a new bash tab or window, nav back into the cloned project directory.

3. Now clone the `ultraviolet-fixtures` repository into a `fixtures` directory with the following command. (`.fixtures` is gitignored, so don't worry about it getting committed!)

  ``` sh
  git clone git@github.com:NYU-DataServices/ultraviolet-fixtures.git fixtures
  ```
4. Post the fixture records to the instance via `uv-cli`
  ``` sh
  pipenv run uv-cli fixtures ingest
  ```
5. If you want to change a fixture and repost, the easiest way is to locally edit the JSON from the cloned `ultraviolet-fixtures`. Then remove all the fixtures with and re-ingest them:
  ``` sh
  pipenv run uv-cli fixtures purge
  pipenv run uv-cli fixtures ingest
  ```

> **Pro tip 1**:
> When you first run `pipenv run uv-cli fixtures ingest` or `pipenv run uv-clifixtures purge`, a new token will be created and logged to the console.
>
> You can copy that token and pass it directly via the `--token` flag going forward to speed up your commands, e.g.,
> `pipenv run uv-cli fixtures ingest --token <YOUR_TOKEN>`

> **Pro tip 2**:
> The results of your fixture API posts are logged to the gitignored file `./tmp/fixture-map.json`, which pairs the internal fixture id (e.g., `UV-10`) with the pid generated by the UltraViolet instance (e.g., `v494d-1tz78`). If you need to debug, this is a good place to look.

## Making a new metadata record

First, generate a new metadata record that has only the descriptive Invenio schema elements and no "system-generated" elements. A quick and convenient way to do this is to launch the application locally, log in as `admin@test.com` pass `adminpassword` and use the deposit form to create a record from scratch.

Once it's submitted, visit that item show page and view it as JSON. Just change the item URL to `https://127.0.0.1:5000/api/records/p6s1v-nzd59/`. Note that the `p6s1v-nzd59` will change, as it is a system-generated ID. Copy the file and paste it into a new text file and strip out all of the "system generated" elements.

## Preparing the data

TBA

## Indexing locally to test

TBA

## Submitting a pull request

If all looks good, stage your changes and submit them to the project as a pull request.
